hello everyone this is my macbook pro
from two thousand in nine thirteen i'm
running windows 7 as you can see and has
i promise i'm going to show you how to
overclock on windows 7 so first of all
you got to turn on your fans to maximum
speed you can use this program low boost
phone control i will left the links
below sorry to your cave and the
temperature indicator for example the
car temp as you can see now is 58 and to
the overclock you can use two methods
one the nvidia normal drives the Entune
and a EVGA precision i'm going to use
the EVGA precision so here you're going
to put the core clock to 555 and you you
have to put the power clock together
with the shutter clock don't put the
shutter clock in maximum because it will
burn your neck in memory clock you can
put until 110 you can hear the phones
now working and then just press apply
now you see the core clock and each
other clock low because i'm not running
any game and the GPU is in minimal
settings but it will fire it up when i
start again i'm going to show in modern
warfare 2 just a bit sample these
overclock i can tell that this size and
i hope you'll not have any problems with
it and is very easy to configure
this is the modern warfare 2 it's free
to play without tier w web net
this overclock hopefully will get you
like 10 or 10 to 20 FPS more depending
on the game in counter-strike you will
get you about 30 FPS more this game on
MacBook on my version of MacBook runs
perfectly without overclocking but with
overclock it will run a little bit
smoother and you can put higher
resolution testers not forget that I
will let the links to all the programs I
use to download
film film
well meanwhile I can show you but when
the age needy to and dried HCC
better than iPhone learn an iPhone of
course is much better visual common
iPhone Yoda edge initiative for burning
and right yeah I'll give you
so yes no let's just start again reduce
so as you can see is really perfect to
gain maximum gestures maximum
resolutions just going to play a little
bit
okay everything is fine these overclock
is very safe don't forget to rise up
your laptop a little bit because of the
temperatures this is just for gaming of
course don't try to put the memory clock
very high like I did in my last video of
overclock because it's very dangerous
and you can notice some artifacts in not
when you use Windows X Windows 7 but
when you turn on the Macintosh OS you'll
notice some artifacts on something and
you can lose the life of your graphics
card I hope you guys enjoy I'm just
going to keep playing you have any
doubts about the overclock just make
sure you left the comment below I'll
answer has semantic and sorry for only
making the video now but I've been with
a lot of busy things to do
max sucks
[Applause]
enemy care package incoming
don't move there for a place to the
lessons it's legalized balloons
something bitter suck Khalil either
coming on